task.md, before:

1. Crete a page that displays every fetched post with its title, body text and username that posted that post.
   1. contents of each post
      1. title
      2. body text
      3. author's username
2. under every post there should be a list of comments. And these comments should have their comment posters name, email and comment body text.
   1. separate page?
   2. should we show first, like, two commments and then the rest of them under a show button
   3. oh, no, actually yeah, thats a good idea. we just show a few of the comments right away, and the rest of them are just hidden, until the _Show more_ button is pressed. Yeah, we'll do it like that.
3. Under these comments there should be an input field with a submit button, with which I could submit my own comment.
   1. Seems pretty easy, on the very bottom of each comments section we have an input box with a button next to it. Whenever the button is pressed, we add the new comment to the comments list and it should probably appear last, at the very bottom of them as well, I think.

---

1. Crete a page that displays every post, fetched from JSON Placeholder API, with its title, body text and username that posted that post.
2. under every post there should be a list of comments. And these comments should have their comment posters name, email and comment body text.
3. Under these comments there should be an input field with a submit button, with which I could submit my own comment.

---

1. You need to create a page that displays all the posts fetched from JSON placeholder. Each post should display its title, body text, and the username of the person who posted it.

2. Under each post, you should display a list of comments. Each comment should include the name and email of the person who posted it, as well as the comment's body text.

3. Finally, under the comments, you should include an input field and a submit button that allows users to submit their own comments.

Commit message:

fix: issue with usernames not showing up

task.md, after:

1. Crete a page that displays every fetched post with its title, body text and username that posted that post.
   1. contents of each post
      1. title
      2. body text
      3. author's username
2. under every post there should be a list of comments. And these comments should have their comment posters name, email and comment body text.
   1. separate page?
   2. should we show first, like, two commments and then the rest of them under a show button
   3. oh, no, actually yeah, thats a good idea. we just show a few of the comments right away, and the rest of them are just hidden, until the _Show more_ button is pressed. Yeah, we'll do it like that.
3. Under these comments there should be an input field with a submit button, with which I could submit my own comment.
   1. Seems pretty easy, on the very bottom of each comments section we have an input box with a button next to it. Whenever the button is pressed, we add the new comment to the comments list and it should probably appear last, at the very bottom of them as well, I think.
4. every post should have a like and dislike button and if i press one or the other the svg would change and number should change aswell.
5. On the very top of the page there should be a big text input field with a post button and with it i should post a post.

---

1. Crete a page that displays every post, fetched from JSON Placeholder API, with its title, body text and username that posted that post.
2. under every post there should be a list of comments. And these comments should have their comment posters name, email and comment body text.
3. Under these comments there should be an input field with a submit button, with which I could submit my own comment.

---

1. You need to create a page that displays all the posts fetched from JSON placeholder. Each post should display its title, body text, and the username of the person who posted it.

2. Under each post, you should display a list of comments. Each comment should include the name and email of the person who posted it, as well as the comment's body text.

3. Finally, under the comments, you should include an input field and a submit button that allows users to submit their own comments.
